[🧱 MCP Server Tool] Clean up readme file (#2954)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/pwa-kit-mcp/README.md

* **`create_sample_storefront_page`**:
  Interactive tool to generate a new PWA storefront page with custom routing and components.

* **`development_guidelines`**:
  Provides best practices and guidance for building PWA Kit storefronts.

* **`run_site_test`**:
  Runs performance and accessibility audits on a provided site URL.
  *Example: `https://pwa-kit.mobify-storefront.com`*

## ▶️ Running the MCP Server

### 🖥️ From Cursor IDE

1. Open **Cursor**.

2. Navigate to **Settings > Cursor Settings...**
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/refs/heads/develop/packages/pwa-kit-mcp/docs/images/cursor-settings.png)

3. Go to **Tools & Integrations > MCP Tools > New MCP Server**
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/refs/heads/develop/packages/pwa-kit-mcp/docs/images/cursor-mcp-tools.png)

4. Update your `mcp.json` like this (edit the placeholders as needed):
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "pwa-kit": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["-y", "@salesforce/pwa-kit-mcp"],
      "env": {
        "PWA_STOREFRONT_APP_PATH": "{{path-to-app-directory}}"
      }
    }
  }

> }

Reviewer: We should have an example of what the app directory is (is it the storefront folder or the app subfolder). For example, we can add something similar to:

After you create the storefront app, replace the `{{path-to-app-directory}}` placeholder to the `app`  subfolder path of your storefront app. An example of the `{{path-to-app-directory}}` value is `"/Users/username/mcp-server-folder/mystorefront/app"`.

Author: I've added your example.

Reviewer: @bendvc I see the text is now different than my example text. I pasted it below.

{{path-to-app-directory}} should be replaced with the absolute path to your generated project. For example: "/Users/username/mcp-server-folder/mystorefront/app".

I think we should say the `app` subfolder. 

So I suggest the following:

Replace {{path-to-app-directory}} with the absolute path to your generated project's `app` subfolder. For example: "/Users/username/mcp-server-folder/mystorefront/app".

* **`create_sample_storefront_page`**:
  Interactive tool to generate a new PWA storefront page with custom routing and components.

* **`development_guidelines`**:
  Provides best practices and guidance for building PWA Kit storefronts.

* **`run_site_test`**:
  Runs performance and accessibility audits on a provided site URL.
  *Example: `https://pwa-kit.mobify-storefront.com`*

## ▶️ Running the MCP Server

### 🖥️ From Cursor IDE

1. Open **Cursor**.

2. Navigate to **Settings > Cursor Settings...**
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/refs/heads/develop/packages/pwa-kit-mcp/docs/images/cursor-settings.png)

3. Go to **Tools & Integrations > MCP Tools > New MCP Server**
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/refs/heads/develop/packages/pwa-kit-mcp/docs/images/cursor-mcp-tools.png)

4. Update your `mcp.json` like this (edit the placeholders as needed):
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "pwa-kit": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["-y", "@salesforce/pwa-kit-mcp"],
      "env": {
        "PWA_STOREFRONT_APP_PATH": "{{path-to-app-directory}}"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> _NOTE: `{{path-to-app-directory}}` should be replaced with the absolute path to your generated project. For example: "/Users/username/mcp-server-folder/mystorefront/app"._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: Replace `{{path-to-app-directory}}` with the absolute path to your generated project's `app` subfolder. For example: `"/Users/username/mcp-server-folder/mystorefront/app"`._
```

# 🚀 PWA Kit MCP Server

An MCP server that brings AI-assisted coding to **PWA Kit** storefront app development inside your IDE.

## 🔍 What is MCP?

> **Model Context Protocol (MCP)** is an open protocol that enables secure, structured communication between host applications (like [Cursor IDE](https://www.cursor.so/) or other AI development tools) and external tools or data sources.

Reviewer 2: There is some comment here from Bug bash document https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rTKfWffatf5wXOm4wUj9HCPTX0R9j7rIMvahGW95yEU/edit?gid=682993452#gid=682993452
Please incorporate those
 An MCP server that brings AI-assisted coding to PWA Kit storefront app development inside your IDE. -- the MCP is beyond coding, it also helps to create and manage the project, testing, providing guidelines

Author: Thanks I have reworded the description of the mcp server to include this content.

It allows AI agents to query context-aware services like this server to help developers build better software, faster.

> 👉 **[Read more at modelcontext.org](https://modelcontext.org)**

Reviewer: This link goes to a domain name page.

Author: Thanks. I've fixed this link now

## 🧰 Features

The PWA Kit MCP Server offers the following intelligent tools tailored to Salesforce Commerce Cloud PWA development:

> * **`create_app_guidelines`**

Reviewer: In the output, the name of the package and description appear on the same line separated by a space. Would be nice to add a colon in between.
```suggestion
* **`create_app_guidelines`**:
```

  Guides agents and developers through creating a new PWA Kit project with `@salesforce/pwa-kit-create-app`.

> * **`create_new_sample_component`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`create_new_sample_component`**:
```

  Walks developers through a brief Q\&A to scaffold a component using the commerce data model, layout, and structure.

> * **`create_sample_storefront_page`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`create_sample_storefront_page`**:
```

  Interactive tool to generate a new PWA storefront page with custom routing and components.

> * **`development_guidelines`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`development_guidelines`**:
```

  Provides best practices and guidance for building PWA Kit storefronts.

> * **`run_site_test`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`run_site_test`**:
```

>   Runs performance and accessibility audits on a provided site URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Runs performance and accessibility audits on a provided site URL.
```

{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "id": 2, "method": "tools/call", "params": {"name": "create_new_component", "arguments": {}}}
```

---

## 👩‍💻 Development

If you are actively developing features for the MCP server and want to get immediate feedback during testing, follow the below steps.

1. Update your Cursor IDE MCP server configuration so that you are referencing the local server. This can be done by opening the "View: Open MCP Settings" 
from the command pallet and editing your `pwa-kit` entry to look like the entry below.
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "pwa-kit": {
      "command": "node",
      "args": ["{{path-to-app-mono-repo}}/packages/pwa-kit-mcp/dist/server/server.js"],
      "env": {
        "PWA_STOREFRONT_APP_PATH": "{{path-to-app-directory}}"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

2. Ensure that your server is built and will rebuild whenever changes are made you by running the following command in the `/pwa-kit-mcp` folder:
```bash
npm run build:watch
```

The server logs to `stderr` and communicates using MCP via `stdio`. You can view these logs in the `Output` section (shift + command + U) and filtering
the output on "MCP Logs".

> ## 📁 Key Files & Project Structure

Reviewer 2: There are some comments here from Katia, please incorporate those
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rTKfWffatf5wXOm4wUj9HCPTX0R9j7rIMvahGW95yEU/edit?gid=682993452#gid=682993452

Reviewer: Here's my comment:
What is the benefit of providing the folder structure? The risk is that it will be out of date quickly as the files change. Currently, there are files missing. For example:
/src/server is missing server.test.js 
/utils is missing two files. Maybe add ... at the end?
There is no /dist folder.

Author: Thanks.. I didn't like that section either. Need this as a reason to remove it 👍

* **`create_app_guidelines`**
  Guides agents and developers through creating a new PWA Kit project with `@salesforce/pwa-kit-create-app`.

* **`create_new_sample_component`**
  Walks developers through a brief Q\&A to scaffold a component using the commerce data model, layout, and structure.

* **`create_sample_storefront_page`**
  Interactive tool to generate a new PWA storefront page with custom routing and components.

* **`development_guidelines`**
  Provides best practices and guidance for building PWA Kit storefronts.

* **`run_site_test`**
  Runs performance and accessibility audits on a provided site URL
  *Example: `https://pwa-kit.mobify-storefront.com`*

## ▶️ Running the MCP Server

### 🖥️ From Cursor IDE

1. Open **Cursor**.

2. Navigate to **Settings > Cursor Settings...**
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/refs/heads/develop/packages/pwa-kit-mcp/docs/images/cursor-settings.png)

3. Go to **Tools & Integrations > MCP Tools > New MCP Server**
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/refs/heads/develop/packages/pwa-kit-mcp/docs/images/cursor-mcp-tools.png)

> 4. Update your `mcp.json` like this (edit the placeholders as needed):

Reviewer 2: Do we want to also provide an example of the node command which the users can configure

Reviewer 2: I believe you can add that for the development section below

Author: Good call out. But for clarification, you are talking about developers working on the mcp server and wanting to set it by directly configuring the server to run from their mono-repo, correct?

Author: I've gone ahead and made the change because I'm pretty sure I know that you meant. Please let me know if that fits the bill and I can resolve this comment. 🙏
